what is content discovery?
firstly, we should ask, in the context of web application security, what is content? content can be many thins, a file, video, picture, backup, a website feature.
when whe talk about content discovery, we're not talking about the obvious things we can see on a website; it's the things that aren't immediately presented to us and that weren't always intended for public access.
an example: pages or portals intended for staff usage, older versions of the website, backup files, configuration files, administration panels, etc.
there are three main wyays of discovering content on a website whice we'll cover, manually, automated and OSINT (Open-Source Intelligence).

robots.txt
the robots.txt file is a document that tells search engines which pages they are and aren't allowed to show on their search engine results or ban specific search engines from crawling the website altogether
its a great way to discover paths that the developers doesn't want us to have access, so we may access these paths to see what we can find there.

favicon
the favicos is a small icon displayerd in the browser's address bar or tab used for branding a website
sometimes when frameworks are used to build a website, a favicon tha is a part of the instalation gets leftover, and if the website developer doesn't replace this with a custom one, this can give us a clue on what frameworks is in use. OWASP host a database of common framework icons that you can use to check against the targets favicon [https://wiki.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_favicon_database](https://wiki.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_favicon_database).

practical exercise:

on the attackbox, open firefox enter the url of the site, /sites/favicon here you'll see a basic website with a note saying "website coming soon..."
open the source page, search for images/favicon.ico

if you run the following command on the attackbox, it will download the favicon and get its md5 havssh, value which you can the lookup on the [https://wiki.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_favicon_database](https://wiki.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_favicon_database).

command:
```shell-session
curl https://static-labs.tryhackme.cloud/sites/favicon/images/favicon.ico | md5sum
```
you'll get the hash code and u can search the framework that they're using in the owasp favicon database


sitemap.xml