The ==CIA== Triad is a security model used throughout creating a security policy. This model has an extensive background, ranging from being used in 1998.

Constisting of three sections:
1. Confidentiality
2. Integrity
3. Availability

The CIA triad is unlike a traditional model where you have individual sections, insted, it is a continuous cycle, whilst(enquanto) the tree elements to the CIA triad can aguably overlap(sobrepor), if even just one element is not met, then the other two are rendered useless (similar to the fire triangle). If a security policy does not answer these three sections, it is seldom(raramente) an effective security policy.

==Confidentialy==
this element is the protection of DATA, from unauthorized access and misuse. because every organisation in some point will have a sensitive data stored on their systems.
the confidentiality is to protect this data from parties that it is not intended for
for example: employee records and accounting documents will be considered sensitive. confidentiality will be provided in the sense that only HR administrators will access employee records.

==Integrity==
this element is the condition where information ins kept accurate and consistent unless changes are made. It is possible for the information to change because of careless access and use, errors in the information system, or unauthorized access and use.
steps must be taken to ensure data cannot be altered by unauthorised people (for example, in a breach of confidentiality).
many defences to ensure integrity can be put in place. access control and rigorous authentication can help prevent authorized users from making unauthorized changes. ==hash== verifications and digital signatures can help ensure that transactios are authentic and that files have not been modified or corrupted.

==Availability==
==in order for data to be useful, it must be available and accessible by the user==
the main concern in the ==CIA== triad is that the information should be available when authorised users need to access it.
==availability== is very often a key ==benchmark== for an organisation. for example, having 99.99% uptime on their websites or systems ( this is laid out in Service Level Agreements). 
*  having reliable and well-tested hardware for their information
* 